[Music]
there's a monster outside
we have the discovery of a lifetime and
go protect we should find all sorts of
species with all believed the Mariana
Trench was the deepest place on earth
but we encountered the completely new
world here what you people discovered is
bigger than we ever thought how big is
that day what's the largest shark that
ever existed a living fossil thoughts
have been extinct over 2 million years
it's megalodon he's kidding right
[Music]
the things have death you need to find
it and kill it what you just put a
tracker on it you guys ever watched
Shark Week regular dogs were thought to
have been extinct they're not getting
eaten by some prehistoric fish sure
about this
not really
[Music]
he looks heroic but it's kind of got a
negative attitude
she won this you ugly boy if you want me
to go instead well look at this man okay
good stars line
[Music]
you're after something
is it revenge
money
or is it something else you look good
little rough around the edges but good
heard about a job big shot gangster
putting together crew
I'm a driver and I'm a flier
the waited a long time for a shot like
this
what do you think well what do you know
you got a land on the ship yeah no guy
he's a vice smuggler around I heard a
story about you I was wondering if it's
true everything you said about me is
true
l-3 let's go of the mean man's face hey
these guys
if you come with us you're in this life
for good might wanna buckle up baby
[Music]
let me give you some advice assume
everyone will betray you
and you'll never be disappointed I got a
really good feeling about this
since when do you know how to fly a
hundred and ninety years old look great
[Music]
we took this
tell me his name again channels
we're gonna need some help let's go on
April 27
of ventures
once
and for all
I'm Peter dr. strange Oh using a made-up
names um I'm spider-man then sadness it
could destroy life on Earth we're gonna
need some help
I'm April 27
together it's our only hope Avengers
join us once and for all
join us mightiest heroes not today sir
are you making your voice deeper you
know the guy this is my voice so cool
you're strong but I could snap my
fingers and you're all cease to exist
it's for in time to see all the possible
outcomes
did we win any
it's a small price to pay
to salvation
I'm Peter by the way dr. strange Oh
using your made-up names then I am
spider-man let's talk about this plan
tears I think it's good except it sucks
so let me do the plan and that way it
might be really good
Wow
did you wash your hands with soap did
you dry them all vegetables who want it
all vegetable I did so are we going to
talk about it what the elephant in the
room
what elephant moms new job
it's time to make some wrong things
right
healthy bring supers back into the
sunlight
we need to change people's perceptions
about superheroes and Elastigirl is our
best play better than me bye sweetie
I'll watch the kids no problem you're
supposed to do it dad they want us to do
it I don't know that way why would they
change math math is math yes hello hey
honey
everything's great
[Music]
in track track he's in excellent health
that is freaky you know it's crazy right
to help my family I gotta leave it to
fix the law I gotta break it you got to
destroy kids can have that choice thank
you young man
combustion imminent what does that mean
it means fire Robert
[Music]
the screen slider interrupts this
program for an important announced that
it might get weird I'll be there you
know this one no
Debbie ocean convicted felon her brother
Danny ocean more convicted felon she was
present on the night of the incident oh
so oh you want to hit a jewelry store
not exactly the diamond mine yes it's
exactly right before what the met
[Music]
Brida half weeks and that would be
hosting its annual ball and we are going
to rob it sixteen point five million
dollars in each of your bank accounts
five weeks from now that's a lot they've
got every inch of this place covered
this is most sophisticated security in
the world
how long did it take you to figure all
this out five years eight months and 12
days why do you need to do this because
that's what I'm gonna okay everybody
let's get started here we go count me
down three two
came on
she said
dear God that was exactly
seal the exits we prepare for this
[Music]
we will not be the prime suspects
bleeps and every time you have to start
from somebody
what'd she do I turn it on a murder
happened here
[Music]
I won't have a case they careful they
will come after you
we have a suspect a crime writer his
victims body at the modulus of someone
choked to death using a fisherman's not
only the killer could know those facts I
think the book is your confession
[Music]
I know is guilty just prove it
but you get too close
talk injustice this is what they make
I've got least like dogs
for what drives most here was matted in
law don't forget who you are this case
it's all I have left
[Music]
he strangled them in what makes you
think the mother isn't happening
you want a the truth River has an end
and the beginning ever feel like you're
waiting for something to happen it pains
me to see you embarrass your father but
you don't know what it is you're in or
you're out
that thing that could make your life
special
you're in
or you're out there in
or you're out how can I tell you if I'm
in or I'm out without you telling you
the first thing about what I might be
around this would be something dangerous
and very exciting this library is home
to the most valuable book in the United
States twelve million dollars you really
need to see how easy this is gonna be oh
you know this from all your previous ice
[Music]
can I just say how dumb this entire
thing is how do you know no one's gonna
get hurt I don't want you waking up
years from now wondering why could it
happen and who you could have been are
you sure you're okay
oh my life this isn't some game
[Music]
okay please do not touch the model
Thanks
[Music]
let's do this the world entered a new
Dark Age I was one of the LA synthetics
to survive you sure this is the place
yeah she's here well yeah I've been
looking for you for a long show me dead
speak arson and that they renamed ah
she's the perfect woman ray
incorruptible Curtis
[Music]
I think I want me a robot
I should say me maybe I'm not
functioning never had this feeling
before it was at that moment I became
aware of exactly how different I was I
had to set things right
really you took away the one thing that
was my two guns ten bullets we're gonna
need everyone you say they're like
that's the bad thing is so me
welcome to paradise
this isn't paradise I feel a frustration
a constant whisper that I am no closer
to achieving my dreams but mister that's
Shelly beautiful isn't he just how old
are you then old enough to know why you
are asking from 16
when I met you I felt alive come away
with me
are you really involved with that
whoremonger I have a fire in my soul and
I will no longer allow you or anyone
else to contain it
who amongst you has ever wondered if the
dead could return to life is that really
possible
reanimation we've been invited to Geneva
I Lord Byron would you like to join me
in the pollen miss okay I have known
with you becoming lovers do you wish to
be with someone else I no longer see the
world and it's works they perform
appeared to me and men appear to me as
monsters
we are each to write a ghost story it's
a competition the woman is not
intelligent enough to form ideas of her
own that's policy you miss odwin and
have the chance to prove me wrong
does she recognized Victor Frankenstein
this is no ghost story it chilled me to
the bone you must get your story
published marry curious subject matter
for young lady are you suggesting the
work belongs to mr. shell it is my story
you dare question a woman's ability to
experience loss betrayal death if I have
not learned to fight through the anguish
I would not have out this voice my
choice has made me who I am and I regret
nothing you spent on the summer with the
aunty Bob I'm sending me away for the
summer what a cliche yeah wait no okay
okay like this
[Music]
you get high
can you take me home look she gave me
man okay hey yourself
soap you sure guess who got lucky I
can't get around my mind
[Music]
what would you say if I told you I
wanted to start so we what's this one
that's a zip more people bought these my
life will be a lot easier we should sell
more of those the problem is dealing
dime bags teenagers we need customers
who buy in bulk you didn't know how to
use a bomb and now you're trying to tell
me how to flip we'd have something
you've been looking for you know you're
not cops Josh a good question
cops can't do that sit down this is
gonna be more money to be the rest I've
ever seen anything shady right laziest
we don't play something celebratory
happens every song Munir so heavy
campaign
the night's turn long sleepless when you
are cooler times even know what it is
it's gonna tear you apart can't hold on
everything I think some things you fear
and I hope you're good at being her my
wife has a gambling problem let's get
started
Oh miss she's not very good I hope we
gonna play I bring the back yeah take
this you'll feel much better
what was it we need someone coming loads
of money
we heard Irina but a price on your head
really there are many many exactly my
point six seven five in there spike
Jackie's drink this looks a real ring
with the fake one you think it work it
has to be on the resume the longest
three days in my life
[Music]
here's to you my milk
do it good night where is happy that
information is on the price but if you
get to wear shorts like that you must
expect to be shocked mustn't you
[Applause]
without that parade she's trying to tell
me something she has a lot of
resentments
I mean did she have any idea how
privileged she actually is and to be
adopted by a celebrity she said she's
never heard of you that little [ __ ] I'm
sorry I know then what's that bong in
the backseat Oh
donk that's funny that's a sculpture
that I I made in school I don't know
what the [ __ ] you're thinking driving
around with a bong in the backseat of
your car who do you think you are Willie
Nelson
maybe he got arrested really time is a
terrible way of eating by my mom wrote
that to me in a letter when I was eight
okay I got a dump out she believed you
like [ __ ] at school I'm only having
two weeks left with you guys you know
[Music]
where to dig it
what are we gonna do next year I think
we're doing like cool brooding winter
drugs like opium together near each
other okay my little cruise director
okay would you rather have penis sister
finger or vaginas for years dick fingers
you could not wear Ramon's but you have
vaginal ears you could wear your ring
when you just know you're not gonna be a
professional athlete I kind of headline
tonight
well the moment that you had comes a
little later for black folk
yes I get you though I do you're going
to NYU and I'm going to Columbia we're
gonna be like partners forever
I don't even know if that's 100% why I
want to do what I need my dudes where
the [ __ ] is Lily right now I wish
Khloe's here - mr. token white friends
ironic
[Music]
donkey bone they're with us through high
school life death SATs probably us like
when you know things are ending to freak
out you try to hold on I think you get
so wise man it's really that brilliant
wasn't actually supposed to be in my
class right now aren't you supposed to
be in your class right now this never
happened
[Music]